What if I told you a Stanford student
launched a gummy vitamin brand from his
dorm room in 2023, hit profitability in
14 months, and is now worth $500
million. This is a story of Grunts, a
brand that took the boring supplement
category, and turned it into more than
$100 million revenue business in less
than 2 years. They're now in Target,
Walmart, and Sprouts. And they did all
this with one of the smartest DTC
playbooks I've ever seen. Hi, I'm Ozra
from Zip Chat, the AI agent for
e-commerce that turns browsers into
buyers. And every week in this channel,
we break down one successful DTC brand
and show you their exact strategies so
you can steal it and apply it to your
own Shopify store. Before we dive into
Grunes, please take a moment to
subscribe to our channel to support and
to not miss weekly brand breakdowns like
this one. Now, let's dive in. Meet Chad
Janice. In 2023, he's a student at
Stanford Business School, but he's not
your typical MBA student. He previously
worked as an investor at Summit
Partners, a major VC firm where he sat
on boards of fast growing DTC brands
such like Dr. Squatch, Chubbies, and
Brew Clinic. So, it's safe to say that
Chat knew what worked in DTC. And he saw
a massive problem in the wellness space.
People wanted comprehensive daily
nutrition, but all the options kind of
sucked. Green powders like AG1,
effective, but taste terrible, messy to
prepare, and cost more than $100 a
month. Traditional multivitamins are
like boring pills that people forget to
take. Individual supplements, well, you
need at least like 10 different bottles
cluttering your cabinet. The problem
wasn't that the solution didn't exist.
The problem was that none of them was
enjoyable enough to become a consistent
daily habit. Chad had a brilliant
insight. What if you combine the
comprehensive nutrition of AG1 with the
fun candyike format of Gold Gummies? AG1
had the functionality packed with
vitamins, probiotics, and superfoods.
Goalie had proven that gummies could
make health products fun and viral.
Their apple cider vinegar gummies turned
a harsh morning ritual into something
that people actually enjoyed. So, Grims
would be the mashup. All the nutrition
benefits of the green powder, but in a
gummy format that tastes like strawberry
candy. Eight gummies, 60 whole food
derived ingredients, 20 plus essential
minerals and vitamins, all in one grab
and go pack. The lounge. In late 2003,
Grun launched exclusively DTC through
their website. Chad started running
Instagram and Facebook ads immediately.
The product positioning was clear.
Comprehensive daily nutrition. That's
actually delicious and it worked
instantly. Within weeks, there were days
where Grin was pulling in $5,000 in
revenue for a student project. That's
incredible. By December 2023, they
launched on Amazon. The business was
doing so well that Chad needed to make a
decision. Stay in as a full-time student
or go allin on Gruns. He chose Grunts.
In February 2024, just months after the
launch, Gruns closed $6 million seed
round from investors. By July 2024, they
launched Gruns Clubs for kids. By
December 2024, they launched Neutrops,
New Tropic Mushroom Gummies. Just one
year after their launch, Grin hit their
first retail partner. The velocities
were so good that within just 2 months,
they expanded from just the adults line
to adding Grin Club for kids. Then came
Target, then Walmart, another 5,000
retail stores across America. And here's
a fascinating part. They hit
profitability in just 14 months. That is
insane for a consumer brand. So, how did
they grow this fast? Let's break down
their strategies. Strategy one,
subscription first CPC model. Grids
build their business on subscriptions
from day one. Here's their pricing
model. Onetime purchase $79.99 for 28
servings. That's quite expensive.
Subscriptions as low as $1.38 a day. By
the way, this only applies for the two
people subscription. This subscription
model does three very important things.
First, it gives you a predictable
recurring revenue. This is exactly what
investors love and what got them to
profitability this fast. Second, it's
lower customer acquisition cost. When
you know the lifetime value is high, you
can spend more to acquire them. Third,
habit formation. Gummy show up to your
house monthly, making it a consistent
habit. This subscription model meant
that they weren't just selling a
product, they were building a membership
business. How about their current stats?
They have over 1 million members. That's
also monthly recurring revenue in the
millions. Strategy two, micro influencer
army. Here's where Grun's absolutely
crushed it. Instead of paying millions
to macro influencers, they built a
programmatic micro influencer strategy.
Their numbers are crazy. 100 to 500
Instagram and Tik Tok creators contacted
weekly. On top of that, 150 YouTube
creators contacted weekly. More than
250,000
influencer community members in total.
More than 1,500 UGC content collected.
As I said, most of these are micro
influencers, people with 1,000 to 10,000
followers. Now, we've covered many
brands in this channel who also went
with the micro influencer strategy and
kind of explained why this works so
well. But for those of you who are new
to the channel, let's go over it again.
And hey, if you haven't subscribed yet,
hit that subscribe button now so you
don't miss these breakdowns. Now, let's
talk about why this works. First, it
builds trust. Smaller creators are more
relatable and trusted by their
audiences. The cost. A micro influencer
might work for free products while a
macro influencer can charge you
thousands. Volume. You can activate
hundreds of micro influencers for the
cost of one celebrity. Authenticity.
Their content feels like a friend's
recommendation, not an ad. Grint's exact
strategy. Gifting plus affiliate hybrid
model. They send free products to
influencers. If the influencer actually
likes it, they post about it and get an
affiliate commission from that sale. If
not, no problem. Move to the next one.
This created a flywheel. Send products
to 500 creators weekly. 20 to 30% post
about it. Collect that UGC. Repurpose it
for paid ads. Those ad drives more
sales. Use revenue to send to more
creators. And it's highly targeted. They
focus on wellness coaches, fitness Tik
Tockers, lifestyle influencers. Parents
for Grun's Club for the kids and
productivity enthusiasts. Strategy
three, platform domination. Gruns didn't
just rely on their website. They went
everywhere their customers were. Tik Tok
shop, massive driver of sales. Tik Tok
shoppers can buy directly from the
videos. They even offered platform
exclusive deals, for example, up to 45%
off to drive volume. Amazon, more than
10,000 orders per month. This is huge
because Amazon customers have high
intent and trust. DTC website still the
core subscription management, highest
margins, full control. Retail, Target,
Walmart, Sprouts, and more than 5,000
stores. This omni channel approach means
that they're meeting with customers
wherever they prefer to shop. Strategy
four, the product expansion. Gruns
didn't stay a one product company within
the first year. They expanded
strategically. Grin's original, the hero
product, comprehensive daily nutrition.
Grins low sugar and sugar-free for
health consscious customers worried
about sugar intake. Grin clubs for kids.
Parents who loved Grin wanted the same
for their children. Neutrops neutropic
mushroom gummies for cognitive function
and focus. Each product serves a
different customer segment or need which
increases average order value people buy
multiple expands total addressable
market and reduces customer acquisition
cost. The numbers now let's take a look
at their numbers. Valuation $500 million
annual recurring revenue more than $100
million. Daily volume 4 million gummies
shipped per day. Retail distribution
5,000 stores members more than 1
million. reviews, more than 80,000 with
4.8 star average time to profitability,
14 months. Compare this to other
supplement brands. AG1, for example,
took years to hit $100 million, and most
DTC brands never ever reach
profitability. Grints did this in record
time. Key takeaways for e-commerce
founders. All right, so what can you
actually learn from Grin? Let's break
down three actionable lessons. First,
remix existing winners. Don't reinvent a
wheel. Grins didn't invent green
supplements or gummy vitamins. They
combine two proven successes into
something new. Look for mashup
opportunities in your industry. Find two
successful products or trends and ask,
"What if we combine these?" You don't
need a revolutionary idea. You need a
smart combination that solves an
existing problem better. And when you're
selling a mashup product, customer
education becomes super important.
People need to understand first, for
example, why they need comprehensive
nutrition and why gummies are, for
example, better than powders. This is
where an AI chat like Zip Chat can truly
excel. First, it can explain the
benefits of your unique positioning in
seconds. Compare you to alternatives.
How is this different than AG1, for
example? Handle objections. Are gummies
as effective as powders? and guide
customers to the right product variant
automatically, 24/7, and in any
language. GR's 250,000 members shows the
power of education and convenience, and
a system like ZipAiI can help you
educate at scale without needing to hire
a full support team. Lesson two,
subscription first equals profitability.
Grinch hit profitability in 14 months
because they build a subscription
business, not a transactional one. Why
subscriptions are powerful? First, you
can forecast monthly revenue. Then, it's
higher LTV. A subscriber paying $40 a
month for 12 months equals $480 versus
one time is just $80 purchase. Grint
pricing strategy is worth mentioning.
Make one-time purchases expensive, like
$80. Make subscription a no-brainer.
$1.38 a day. Add perks like lowest price
ever for subscribers. This funnels
people into subscriptions, which drives
profitability. Lesson three, make your
product fun and sharable. Gr's gummies
are designed to be sharable on social
media. They're colorful, fun, and come
in cute little packs. This, of course,
created organic UGC. People really want
to post about it because it's fun and it
makes them look health conscious. So ask
yourself, is my product visually
interesting? Does my packaging
photograph well? Is there a story or
transformation to share? And can I make
the experience more momentw worthy? if
not redesign. So there you have it.
Grinch went from a Stanford student side
project to a $500 business in less than
two years. They did this by finding a
smart product mashup AG1 and goalie.
Building a micro influencer engine, more
than 250,000 creators, going
subscription first, more than 1 million
members, proving DTC before scaling
retail, 5,000 stores, and making the
product fun and sharable. Now, I want to
hear from you. Drop a comment and tell
me what two products would you combine
to find the next Grinch. Now, thank you
so much for watching and if you got some
value out of this video, hit that like
button and subscribe so you don't miss
weekly brand breakdowns like this one.
See you next week. Bye.